.TH ELVIS 1 "2025-12-24" "elvis 0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
elvis \- initialise and run daily Australian sales lead call list generation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B elvis-run
.RI [ init | get-transaction-data | set-status | end-sequence | choose-dork | help ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B elvis-run
is the master orchestrator for the Elvis lead-generation utility. It supports modular initialisation and a full transaction data workflow for lead generation, strictly following the logic and pseudocode in README.md.
.PP
The get-transaction-data workflow loads, normalises, splits, and fetches paginated data from seeds, handling errors and retries automatically. Fetch behaviour includes configurable exponential backoff (`BACKOFF_SEQUENCE`), optional User-Agent rotation (`UA_ROTATE` and `UA_LIST_PATH`), and optional `robots.txt` checks (`VERIFY_ROBOTS`). Special-case HTTP 403 handling is configurable via `RETRY_ON_403` (default `true`) and `EXTRA_403_RETRIES` (default `2`) — when enabled the fetcher will rotate the User-Agent and attempt extra retries with backoff, and it sends browser-like headers (`Accept`, `Accept-Language`, `Referer`) and enables compressed transfer to reduce the chance of 403 responses. The pagination scanner honours a configurable `PAGE_NEXT_MARKER` to detect "Next" controls.
.SH INIT SEQUENCE
.TP
.B load_env.sh
Loads .env file (if present) into the environment.
.TP
.B load_config.sh
Loads project.conf into the environment.
.TP
.B load_seek_pagination.sh
Loads Seek pagination config as SEEK_* variables.
.TP
.B validate_env.sh
Validates all required environment variables.
.TP
.B prepare_log.sh
Ensures log file and directory exist.
.TP
.B init-help.sh
Displays help and usage for all init scripts.
.TP
.B elvis-run init
Runs all init steps in order.
.SH MAINTENANCE
.TP
.B update_config_examples.sh
Synchronises keys between `project.conf` and `.env.example` by adding missing keys with placeholder values. Useful to keep examples and defaults aligned across environments.
.TP
.B update_readme.sh
Regenerates the auto-generated sections of `README.md` (the *Project tree* and *Commands* sections). Run locally as `./scripts/update_readme.sh --dry-run` to preview changes; a CI workflow at `.github/workflows/update-readme.yml` will run this weekly and open an automated PR when changes are detected.
.TP
.B SLEEP_CMD (testing)
`SLEEP_CMD` is respected by fetch and pagination scripts; set it to a short stub or a recorder during tests to avoid long sleeps (e.g., `SLEEP_CMD=./tests/mock_sleep.sh`).
.TP
.B REAL_TESTS (integration)
Enable optional real-network integration tests by setting `REAL_TESTS=true` when running the test suite; tests are skipped by default and only run when explicitly enabled.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B init
Run the full initialisation sequence.
.TP
.B get-transaction-data
Run the full transaction data workflow: normalise, split, detect pagination, and fetch all seeds.
.TP
.B help
Show help and usage for all init scripts.
.TP
.B set-status
Run the set-status workflow: manual enrichment of `results.csv`, validation, deduplication, daily CSV output, and audit logging. The enrichment step creates an editable `tmp/enriched.csv` and prints instructions for manual editing; it does not open an editor automatically.
.TP
.B end-sequence
Run the end-sequence workflow: archive artifacts to `.snapshots/`, cleanup temporary files, and write `summary.txt`.
.TP
.B choose-dork
Interactive: select a Google dork template and open in browser for manual enrichment.
.TP
.B is_dup_company.sh
Check if a company name exists in history (case-insensitive). Usage: scripts/lib/is_dup_company.sh "Company Name" [history_file]
.TP
.B \\--auto-heal
Enable opt-in automatic recovery attempts for failed steps (preserves failed artifacts under `.snapshots/failed/`).
.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B SEEDS_FILE
Path to the seeds manifest (default: `data/seeds/seeds.csv`).
.TP
.B OUTPUT_DIR
Directory where daily outputs are written (default: `data/calllists`).
.TP
.B HISTORY_FILE
Company history file (default: `companies_history.txt`).
.TP
.B FETCH_TIMEOUT
Curl timeout in seconds (default: `15`).
.TP
.B BACKOFF_SEQUENCE
Comma-separated retry backoff sequence in seconds (default: `5,20,60`).
.TP
.B UA_ROTATE / UA_LIST_PATH
Enable UA rotation and path to UA list (defaults: `true`, `data/ua.txt`).
.TP
.B VERIFY_ROBOTS
When `true`, requests are checked against `robots.txt` (default: `true`).
.TP
.B LOG_LEVEL
Logging verbosity (default: `INFO`).
.SH EXIT CODES
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General failure (non-specific error, retry or manual review recommended).
.TP
.B 2
Usage or policy error (e.g., blocked by `robots.txt`).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B elvis-run init
Run all initialisation steps.
.TP
.B elvis-run get-transaction-data
Run the full transaction data workflow (normalise, split, detect, fetch).
.TP
.B elvis-run help
Show help for all init scripts.
.TP
.B elvis-run end-sequence
Run the end-sequence workflow (archive, cleanup, summarise).
.TP
.B . scripts/lib/load_env.sh
Manually load .env file.
.TP
.B . scripts/lib/load_config.sh
Manually load project.conf.
.TP
.B . scripts/lib/validate_env.sh
Validate required environment variables.
.TP
.B . scripts/lib/prepare_log.sh
Ensure log file and directory exist.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B project.conf
Canonical project configuration.
.TP
.B .env
Environment overrides and secrets.
.TP
.B configs/seek-pagination.ini
Seek-specific selectors and pagination config.
.TP
.B logs/log.txt
Log file for run details.
.TP
.B summary.txt
Run summary produced by end-sequence (latest run metadata).
.TP
.B .snapshots/
Snapshot directory containing `snap-<ts>.tar.gz`, checksums and `index`. (See README: Mini VCS Integration)
.TP
.B tmp/seeds.normalized.csv
Normalised seeds file (intermediate).
.TP
.B tmp/records/seed_N.txt
Per-record split files (intermediate).
.TP
.B tmp/<seed_id>.htmls
Fetched HTML for each seed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.B README.md
Project README with design, PDL and examples.
.TP
.B docs/runbook.md
Operational runbook and troubleshooting.
.TP
.B scripts/update_readme.sh
Maintenance helper for regenerating README sections.
.TP
.B .github/workflows/update-readme.yml
GitHub Actions workflow that runs the README update and opens a PR.
.SH AUTHOR
Elvis project contributors.
.SH BUGS
Report issues via project repository.
